PAUDRONE GAME DESIGN DOCUMENT


Game Name:
PAUDRONE


Genere:
Simulator


Game Elements: 
Game elements are the basic activities the player will be doing for fun


Player: 1
The number of players that can play the game at once


TECHNICAL SPECS


Technical Form: ja que hi som 3D no?
Basically there are 2D graphics (flat) and 3D graphics (form)


View:
Camera view from which the player will experience the game


Platform:
PC i WebGL


Language:
C#


Device:
PC


GAME PLAY
Use the game play section to create a descriptive paragraph about how the game is played. You want the use tor imagine
they are actually playing the game. Try not to use generic (i.e., broad, non-descriptive) terms when writing about the game
play. For example, few readers want to hear statements such as, “enemy_1 will have more hit points than
enemy_2.” Instead, it’s better to make statements like, “The Lazarus Fighter has more armour than the Apollo Fighter.”


Game Play Outline
This outline will vary depending on the type of game.
• Opening the game application
• Game options
• Story synopsis
• Modes
• Game elements
• Game levels
• Player’s controls
• Winning
• Losing
• End
• Why is all this fun?


Key Features
Key features are a list of game elements that are attractive to the player.


DESIGN DOCUMENT
This document describes how GameObjects behave, how they’re controlled and their properties. This is often referred to as
the “mechanics” of the game. This documentation is primarily concerned with
the game itself. This part of the document is meant to be modular, meaning you could have
several different Game Design Documents attached to the Concept Document.


Design Guidelines
This is an important statement about any creative restrictions that need to be considered and includes brief statements
about the general (i.e., overall) goal of the design.


Game Design Definitions
This section established the definition of the game play. Definitions should include how a player wins, loses, transitions
between levels, and the main focus of the gameplay.


Game Flowchart
The game flowchart provides a visual of how the different game elements and their properties interact. Game flowcharts
should represent Objects, Properties, and Actions present in the game. Each of these items should have a number reference
to where they exist within the game mechanics document.
• Menu
• Synopsis
• Game Play
• Player Control
• Game Over (Winning and Losing


Player Definition
● Use this section for quick descriptions that define the player
● Use the Player Properties section (below) to define the properties for each player. Player Properties can be
affected by the player’s action or interaction with other game elements. Define the properties and how they affect
the player’s current game.
● Use the Player Rewards section to make a list of all objects that affect the player in a positive way. Define these
objects by describing what affect they cause and how the player can use the object.


Player Definitions
A suggested list may include:
• Health
• Weapons
• Actions


Player Properties
Each property should mention a feedback as a result of the property changing.


Player Rewards (power-ups and pick-ups)
Make a list of all objects that affect the player in a positive way (e.g., health replenished)


User Interface (UI)
This is where you’ll include a description of the user’s control of the game. Think about which buttons on a device would be
best suited for the game. Consider what the worst layout is, then ask yourself if your UI is it still playable. A visual
representation can be added where you relate the physical controls to the actions in the game. When designing the UI, it may
be valuable to research quality control and user interface (UI) design information






Control del drone
WASDQE
Inèrcia
Inicialment com al FPS
Rotar X MouseInput


Obstacles
Colliders


Donuts
Tubs
Fixos i movibles


Muerte del dron
Vida 100% i si xoca descompta x. Quan arabia 0 pierde.
Tenim en compte també un % de bateria? Per exemple quan s’acabi tmb perd? 




Guanya


Temporitzador
Comptar temps en que resol el circuit
Leaderboard amb temps


Enemics
Pelotas asesinas
Enemic que ens persegueix i si xoca amb nosaltres ens quita vida i ell muere.


Nivells de dificultat?






Scenes
Menu principal - Canvas amb boton per jugar, sortir, opcions, scores.
Nivell 1
Nivell 2
Game Over - Canvas amb score personal, insert coin, sortir, jugar again.


Assets
* Primitives
* Skybox (foto del pati del insti - camera 360)
* Drone (demanar a JC els models 3D) o escanejar dron jxxx
   * Efecte rotacio a las helices motors.
* Helices


Efectos de sonido:
* Musica de joc: LevelMusic
* Musica de menú: MenuMusic
* Musica final de nivell: SuccessMusic
* Dron encés: 2747 a l’start
* dron accelera (endavant): 2748
* dron marxa enrere: 2744
* Dron puja: endavant augmentant pitch
* Dron baixa: endavant disminuint pitch
* Collisions amb obstacles: 


Efectos visuales (particle systems)


Scripts
PlayerMove
LevelManager - control dels waypoints per on ha de passar el dron.
ObstacleAnimation - moviment, rotacio
EnemySpawner - Generar pilotes random que boten. Que surtin cap al player.
PlayerHealth - Quitar vida al jugador quan colisioni
Temporitzador - Quan arribi a 0, perd nivell. Tb conta el temps en que resolvem el circuit.
GameManager - singleton o DontDestroyOnLoad, persistencia a totes les escenes.


Tasques
Crear projecte amb escena Nivell 1
Crear escenas menu (Main menu)


Xisca
* PlayerMove
* Efectes de so




José Luís
Obstacles i pilotes
FUNCIONAMENT PILOTA
Rebota quan xoca amb les parets sense Tag
El “ground” ha de tenir aquest tag per rebotar amb un força aleatòria


FUNCIONAMENT OBSTACLES
Des del GameManager s’han d’activar els colliders de color groc per indicar l’obstacle




Jaume
* Crear repo a github, inicialitzat i afegir-nos com a colaboradors - killerxenemo, avf@paucasesnovescifp.cat, spdvi.
   * .gitignore Unity
   * Versió editor unity 2021.3.2f1
* Menú inici? M’hauras d’explicar com funciona això de GameManager
* Canvas de UI, bateria, temporitzador, 


GameManager - 




Mides del environment
Midel del drone 2x2x0.5
Mides dels obstacles


TOTS:
Clone el repository a una carpeta local.
Pull
Git add xx, sdf, cv


Commits


Pull
push